README.md, before:

# React Isomorphic Demo app

This project serves as either a **very simple** boilerplate to start building an isomorphic application in React.js or as an example of one way that it can be done.

Please see the [walkthrough](http://jmfurlott.com/tutorial-setting-up-a-simple-isomorphic-react-app/) for a more thorough explanation of the code.

## Stack

- React.js
- Webpack
- Express
- react-router
- Babel
- Jade

## Installation instructions

In the project's directory, run the following commands:

```
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

When the servers are started, visit `http://localhost:3000` to see a Hello world page.

## Next steps:

- Consider the best way to handle flux. There are many options that work in conjunction with the isomorphic server (namely [flummox](https://github.com/acdlite/flummox) or [fluxible](http://fluxible.io/)).  Both of these projects go into great detail about how to add their libraries into an isomorphic app.
- Improve the build task system. Using `npm scripts` is definitely the simplest but a quick look at the `package.json` shows how complicated it can quickly become.
- Separate out `dev` and `prod` environments using Jade and multiple webpack configuration files
- Improve the hierarchy of the folders. `server` is a mess right now and should be cleaned up/separated into a structure that makes more sense and is easier to maintain.
- Make the server rendering and client rendering asynchronous

## Thanks

While outdated, this repo was heavily inspired by [acdlite](http://github.com/acdlite) and his [demo app for flummox](https://github.com/acdlite/flummox-isomorphic-demo)

Commit message:

adding new files to work with soon

README.md, after:

# React Isomorphic Demo app

This project serves as either a **very simple** boilerplate to start building an isomorphic application in React.js or as an example of one way that it can be done.

Please see the [walkthrough](http://jmfurlott.com/tutorial-setting-up-a-simple-isomorphic-react-app/) for a more thorough explanation of the code.

## Stack

- React.js
- Webpack
- Express
- react-router
- Babel
- Jade

## Installation instructions

### Prereqs
Git
Node

In the project's directory, run the following commands:

```
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

When the servers are started, visit `http://localhost:3000` to see a Hello world page.

## Next steps:

- Add [flux](https://github.com/facebook/flux).
- Drop in better CSS
- Improve the build task system. Using `npm scripts` is definitely the simplest but a quick look at the `package.json` shows how complicated it can quickly become.
- Separate out `dev` and `prod` environments using Jade and multiple webpack configuration files
- Improve the hierarchy of the folders. `server` is a mess right now and should be cleaned up/separated into a structure that makes more sense and is easier to maintain.
- Make the server rendering and client rendering asynchronous
- Parse data from static json files and populate on page
- Add in SuperAgent for retrieving that data live
- Form support for sending info back through webapi
- Add registration/authentication/authorization (g+/Facebook/custom)
- Upload files

## Thanks

This repo was heavily inspired by [jmfurlott](http://github.com/jmfurlott) and his [react isomorphic boilerplate](https://github.com/jmfurlott/react-isomorphic-boilerplate)
